Update docs/color page content (#2167)
vanilla-framework/vanilla-framework: docs/en/settings/color-settings.md

  </div>
</div>

You can define a brand color (`$color-brand`) that can be used for call-to-action buttons and other highlights across the framework. The default Vanilla brand color is `$color-dark`.

<img class="p-image--bordered" src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/7446a44a-basics-brand-color.png" alt="brand-color">

### Accessibility

It’s important for us to meet all web accessibility standards. Vanilla encourages meeting the minimum contrast ratios specified by WCAG 2.1 Level AA for text, icons and background colors.

<div class="row">
   <div class="col-6">
   <div class="p-notification--positive">

>    <p class="p-notification__response"><span class="p-notification__status">Do:</span>Minimal contrast ratio: 4.5</p>

Reviewer: To match tone with my suggestion on the "don't" side:
```suggestion
   <p class="p-notification__response"><span class="p-notification__status">Do:</span>Use a minimum contrast ratio of 4.5</p>
```

   </div>
   <img class="p-image--bordered" src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/9e60d838-basics-text-color-do.png" alt="text-color-do">
   <img class="p-image--bordered" src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/a55aa80e-basics-button-color-do.png" alt="button-color-do">
   </div>
  <div class="col-6">
  <div class="p-notification--negative">

>   <p class="p-notification__response"><span class="p-notification__status">Don't:</span>Avoid using dark text that isn’t legible on dark backgrounds</p>

Reviewer: I think we should reword this is sounds like "don't avoid using..."
```suggestion
  <p class="p-notification__response"><span class="p-notification__status">Don't:</span>Use dark text that isn’t legible on dark backgrounds</p>
```

  </div>
  <img class="p-image--bordered" src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/9f98d99d-basics-text-color-don%27t.png" alt="text-color-don't">
  <img class="p-image--bordered" src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/4b8dc06e-basics-button-color-don%27t.png" alt="button-color-don't">
  </div>
</div>

### Design

> Click [here](https://github.com/ubuntudesign/vanilla-design/tree/master/Color) to view Color design spec, which includes build MD file and PNG image.

Reviewer: We shouldn't use "Click here", links should always be semantic descriptions of where they go:
```suggestion
For more information [view the color design spec](https://github.com/ubuntudesign/vanilla-design/tree/master/Color), which includes the specification in markdown format and a PNG image.
```
